Add support for Mosquitto version >=2.x and arm(v7 and 64) to Dockerfile (#163)
iegomez/mosquitto-go-auth: README.md

### Docker

#### Support and issues

> Please be aware that, since Docker isn't actively used by the maintainer of this project, support for issues regarding Docker, the provided images and building Docker images in very limited. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please be aware that, since Docker isn't actively used by the maintainer of this project, support for issues regarding Docker, the provided images and building Docker images is very limited and usually driven by other contributors.
```

> #### Prebuilt images

Reviewer: Well, this will no longer be true 10 days from now, might as well just remove it.
